Add section on FHIR codegen in README.md (#9)
google/kotlin-fhir: README.md

To address this issue, the library generates
[surrogate](https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization/blob/master/docs/serializers.md#composite-serializer-via-surrogate)
classes (e.g. `PatientSurrogate`) for data classes containing primitive data types, mapping each
primitive data type to two JSON properties . It also generates custom serializers (e.g.

> `PatienetSerializer`) that delegate the serialization/deserialization process to the corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PatientSerializer`) that delegates the serialization/deserialization process to the corresponding
```

Author: thanks for the review elly - i'll fix the spelling of the patient serializer, but it should be delegate since it's corresponding to "custom serializers" before the paranthesis.
